SAP BTP TRIAL ACCOUNT 
	SAP HANA DATABASE FOR STORING FILES AS BLOBS 

SAP BAS For Code, React and Python Code as well as HANA script. 

SAP CAPM service for API calls of python. 

 

REACT UI SCREENS 
 
1. SCREEN 1 
Login Page to access the services 

2. SCREEN 2 
A table with 5-6 fields about tender like tender id, version, and other header details , 
fields like Created By, Last Reviewed By, Last Changed By ,a button for Remarks for 
changes and a button for each row to show complete details and a button to download details. 
 
3. SCREEN 3  
On clicking Show complete details, complete details for that specific tender will show up as 
heading and placeholders which are freezed and on clicking edit button on top of page they are 
allowed to edit and on editing each field keep track of which fields are edited and on clicking 
submit changes a popup which will ask remarks from user for each field changes by user and on 
clicking submit the changes are saved and last changed by show user name and the table with field
 name and remarks saved and on clicking Remarks for changes on screen 2 that file need to be 
 display as table. 

4. On Screen 2 there must be a button for Chatbot and on clicking Chatbot either in same screen or
 different screen open chatbot window which has option to choose file and text field and send 
 button and chat field which show conversation between user and chatbot. 

5. If on sending check in backend if there is a file uploaded then call a api  /process_file 
with file being sent will be split in 50 page per pdf each pdf will be stored in hana db then 
each pdf will go to ai to get results as json file and in end final json will be given as result
 from ai  can be managed later and if no file is selected and just text then another api /response 
 with text being sent to ai to get text result in chatbot conversations both need to be shown 
 if file is there show particular fields from json and if text response show text response  
 
6. The json from ai need to be stored in hana db with proper file naming and map to show results
 in screen2 as well as screen3  